# Node.js LTS WG Minutes - 2016-04-25

## Attendees:
* Michael Dawson/ @mhdawson
* James Snell/ @jasnell


## Agenda:

* Release schedule [#92](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/92)
* Support from V8 for Node's LTS releases [#88](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/88)
* Track backporting Path optimizations [#87](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/87)
* Track backporting AsyncWrap changes [#86](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/86)
* We have three pr's sitting on master to be discussed: @Fishrock123's timer refactor nodejs/node#4007,
  @misterdjules's domain fix nodejs/node#4659, @saghul's libuv update nodejs/node#5994 alanshaw/david#106
  looks like it might be causing breakages
* Naming of stable - deferred to github

## Issues marked lts-agenda

### Release schedule [#92](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/92)
* Likely to have less changes going in with the release of 6.X
* Plan for monthly release, last week of each month, unless not enough change to warrant it
* Of course security releases may result in unplanned release before then

### Support from V8 for Node's LTS releases [#88](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/88)
From now on if we have PR that is identified to be ported back to LTS release,
ask originator to commit it first in the v8 repo in the older stream.
LTS team will likely have to have to help out with the flow for the first one.
We.ll ask @alphanerd to give LTS team a heads up the first time this happens.

### backport changes:
One these wait and see as we want to be sure
all regressions have been identified/resolved first:

* Track backporting Path optimizations [#87](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/87)
* Track backporting AsyncWrap changes [#86](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/86)
* @Fishrock123's timer refactor nodejs/node#4007

### @misterdjules's domain fix nodejs/node#4659

Semver major will not be backport will remove agenda tab

### libuv update -  nodejs/node#5994
Did not introduce issue, but exposed stdout on shutdown behaviour that a number of modules are
having issues with.

Should let it settle out for a few
weeks before pulling into 4.x

## Next Meeting:

James to schedule in May
