# Node.js LTS WG Minutes - 2016-01-25

## Attendees:
* James M Snell / @jasnell
* Michael Dawson/ @mhdawson
* Myles Borins / @TheAlphaNerd
* Jeremiah Senkpiel / @Fishrock123
* Rodd Vagg/ @rvagg

## Agenda:

## nodejs/node-v0.x-archive

* Deprecate Array#values() in 0.12.x [#25877](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/25877)
* Deprecate smalloc in v0.12 [#25784](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/25784)

### nodejs/node

* Updating async_wrap in 0.12.x [#4592](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4592)

### nodejs/LTS

* Discuss possible clarifications to the LTS messaging / labeling [#63](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/63)
* Discuss the possibility of occasional semver-minor bumps in LTS [#61](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/61)
* Schedule for v0.10.x and v0.12.x Releases [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/52)
* Charter this [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/48)

## Minutes:

These 2 were discussed and it was agreed that nobody's going to get to them and not that important so we'll just close:

* Deprecate Array#values() in 0.12.x [#25877](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/25877)
* Deprecate smalloc in v0.12 [#25784](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/issues/25784)

This we agreed should not be done:

* Updating async_wrap in 0.12.x [#4592](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4592)

In respect to the naming for the LTS release, there is opposition to changing the LTS naming at this point.  Myles took the action to discuss with the marketing team to see if there are any issues/background that we are not aware of:

* Discuss possible clarifications to the LTS messaging / labeling [#63](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/63)


61 has already been discussed. We will review on a case by case basis. We expect the first 2 to be added in a release coming in a couple of weeks.
* Discuss the possibility of occasional semver-minor bumps in LTS [#61](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/61)

52 was closed as we have done releases for v0.10.x and v0.12.x  using the new CI

* Schedule for v0.10.x and v0.12.x Releases [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/52)

This was discussed in the past and should just be closed now.
* Charter this [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/48)


General Discussion

Discussion on 4.2.5 where we had to respin quickly.  We agreed we should start to build additional tests/steps that releasers should go through when releasing and add to that list each time we have a failure like this. Rod took the action to write up a first draft based on what they are doing internally at NodeSource.

James, need to get more people adding labels with respect to the need to land a PR on LTS when the original PR is closed.  Rod suggested we can call out in the PR when we add as one way to raise the awareness. James is also working on a tool to help land a commmit including applying the patch, running lint etc. and adding a reminder to tag as lts-watch could be part of that.

## Next Meeting:

James to schedule in February.  Some discussion about how often to schedule but I think we left it at every 2 weeks for now
