# Node.js LTS meeting 26 June 2017

- [Github Issue](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/233)
- [Meeting Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSo6YiKzc5M)
- [Previous meeting](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/225)
- Next meeting: 17 July 2017


## Present

- Gibson Fahnestock (@gibfahn)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- James Snell (@jasnell)
- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Sam Roberts (@sam-github)


## Where

Hangouts on Air:
- [Observers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XubwojXZGtU)
- [Participants] (https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/ytl/FcgwTFuBbVPgqYyk_hSRjhUJG8ZPjn6IaWBVjStt37g=?eid=100598160817214911030)
- [Events page](https://www.youtube.com/my_live_events)
- [Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16c_FvWTi-IJ-gZkjfo_eQtIOyRpgpGRUGTq2re3CnGs/edit?usp=sharing)

## Agenda

### doc: charter the Release working group [#223](https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/pull/223)

- Michael: Not much to say on this, mostly just want to see if there are any
  major issues, or if it’s just a question of touching it up and taking it to
  the CTC.
- Myles: I haven’t looked at it since the last update, I’ll get to that this
  week
- Sam: I’ll take another look too

### Put the Boron releases in a more discoverable location

- Gibson: I’ve had a couple of people ask me about the 6.x release schedule,
  and they’ve found the issue somewhat hard to find.
- Myles: I want to make sure we keep the noncommittal nature of it.
- Gibson: No reason you couldn’t just have a disclaimer above it. I think it
  would be nice to have it in a more accessible place.
- Michael: I guess the problem is that updating the README is harder than just
  commenting on an issue.
- Myles: I’m happy to compromise on keeping it in the wiki, we can just update
  it there, and have a link to it from the README.
- Gibson: SGTM
- Myles: I’ll look at doing that
- All: no objections

### Backporting work

- Michael: What’s the update on the backporting work? Are there things we can
  improve?
- Myles: Yes definitely, I don’t have the solid block of time every month to
  put into it any more, it takes about 30 hours a week.
- Gibson: I’ve done some of the work this time, just spending some time on it
  here and there. I found that doing it with Myles worked quite well, we just
  had to make sure we communicated about who was doing what.
- Sam: I’d be happy to help out, I just don’t tend to know when the time is, so
  being pinged when there’s work to do would be nice.
- Myles: I think we want to move to a more continuous backporting cadence,
  rather than doing it heavily for a few days before the release. Having an
  auditing issue in LTS worked quite well.
- Myles: Also want to thank the folks at Github for working with me to fix the
  issue with our tool, I pushed an update to branch-diff to ameliorate the
  problem.
- Michael: Is there a document detailing how the process works?
- Gibson: I started writing some stuff down as I was doing it, but it’s not
  there yet.
- Michael: I think having that would be pretty helpful.
- Gibson: However I think the quickest way to get going is to pair with Myles
  for a couple of hours.
- Myles: I’m moving around a lot, but I’m pretty on top of my calendar, so if
  anyone wants to pair we can definitely find a time and work something out.

- Myles: James, would http2 be backportable to Node 6.x?
- James: Yes, there are no breaking changes so it should absolutely be
  backportable. I’m just checking to make sure that there are no issues on all
  our supported platforms.

### other

None


