# Node.js Foundation Release WorkGroup Meeting 2019-01-31

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4my5ucnGx8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/411

## Present

* Beth Griggs
* Michael Dawson
* Shelley Vohr
* MichaÃ«l Zasso
* Richard Lau

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **Release-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

### \[v6.x backport\] src: add environment cleanup hooks [#22633](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22633)

* (Richard) I believe this is on the agenda because there are no scheduled further releases of 6. 
* (Richard) We need to make a decision one way or another whether this will land in v6.x.  
* (Michael) v6.x is broken in the sense that it claims to have support for 1.3 but it doesn't. Mitigating factor is no one has reported this as an issue.
* (Beth) Will this cause any problems for migration?
* (Michael) Not going to effect migration. If you write your addon with 8 or 10, this function would be missing.
* (Michael) The documentation states the function is there, but it is missing. 
* (Michael) If it wasn't so close to 6.x going out of LTS i'd say we should definitely do another release to include it.
* (Shelly) I guess the question is, is the work it would take worth the benefit we get from doing it. How much do we care about N-API consistency?
* (Michael) Important for adoption phase and confidence of N-API. Nobody has complained since August though.
* (Richard) There are commits on v6.x-staging that haven't gone out in a release. 
* (Richard) Maybe we should audit the commits on v6.x-staging to see if it is worth cutting a release.
* **Action**: Audit commits on v6.x-staging 

### nodejs/Release

### Plan for Node.js 11 Current releases [#397](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/397)

* (Michael Z) v11.9.0 went out yesterday, no one has volunteered for next release yet, I could possibly do that if no one else.  
* (Shelly) I could take that over. 
* (Beth) I think we're covered for the next couple of releases. 

### doc: update the releaser onboarding process and rules [#393](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/pull/393)

* (Beth) Rods PR that is open in nodejs/release. I guess what just needs to happen is it to get a few more reviews before it lands.
* (Beth) Has everyone seen this PR?
* (Michael) I can have a look after the meeting. 
* **Action**: Review and land PR. 

### doc: update to reflect N-API [#410](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/pull/410)

* (Michael) So we talked about this last week. Suggestion was I do a PR that tweaks the release process for N-API.
* (Beth) Does anything nodejs/node need updating to reflect this?
* (Michael) No, I think it belongs in Release. 
* (Michael) It has approvals, there are no objections, so I think it just on the release agenda to see if the release team agrees. Other than that it is ready to land. 
* **Action**: Land PR. 

## Q&A, Other

* v8.x release due March time.
*  **Action** (Beth) Node 12 prep to begin 

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

