# Node.js Foundation Release WorkGroup Meeting 2019-01-17

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-hgNThytRU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/407
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Aq92HyIMUYHpxDqHLkR2HNv1sHQUFF_aG-fxLvGOZpA

## Present

* Release team: @nodejs/Release
* LTS team: @nodejs/lts
* Beth Griggs
* George Adams
* Ruben Bridgewater
* Myles Borins
* Michael Dawson
* Shelley Vohr

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **Release-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/Release

### Additional semver minor to 8.x during maintenance [#405](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/405)
  * (Myles) Request for semver minor during maintenance for include backports for tsfn, crypto, and potentially namespaces. 
  * (Michael): Overview of tsfn in N-API. Reduces the number of modules that have to use libuv directly. Good for N-API adoption, users telling us that it is important (including `fsevents`), low risk as additive.
  * (Myles): Suggestion of quarterly releases during maintenance.
  * Consensus for another semver minor for 8.x. 

 * **Action:** Michael to write proposal LTS releases for N-API backports.

### Changes to 10.x q1 release schedule [#404](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/404)

  * Happy with cadence of releases and the rotation of releasers. 

  * Discussion of patch or minor to resolve the npm-rc issue. Preference to promote minor.

  * Rule to require promotion of a current release before an LTS release has not yet landed. Agreed the rule makes sense, but due to the current situation of onboarding several releasers and the rule no yet landing, Shelly will promote January 29th v10.x release. 

### Plan for Node.js 11 Current releases [#397](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/397)
   * 2019-01-22 11.x release will be pushed out due to v11.7.0 going out 2019-01-17. v11.7.0 was pushed out to allow time for more backports. 

   * (Ruben) Currently in a good state for v11.x backports. 

   * (Myles) Delaying the release points to the same issue we've had with LTS backports - maybe we should reexamine what the definition of what “done” is? Suggestion at collaborator summit that we should close PRs only when they are backported (or not to) release lines. 

   * (Ruben) More automation rather than process change. Encourage owners of PRs to backport PRs as the owner will have the most context.
   
   * (Ruben) Suggestion of follow up commits to SemVer-majors that remove the SemVer-Major content. This will reduce the amount of churn while backporting PRs. Suggestion of adding version checks to SemVer-major commits. 

   * (Myles) Suggests a playbook or proposal for Ruben's suggestion. 

### Bringing back regular meetings [#333](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/333)
   * Try and reschedule one of the meetings per quarter to better accommodate APAC.
   * **Action:** Beth to update template to contain meeting link. 

## Q&A, Other

* Determine how we onboard new releasers.  

* Increase discoverability of requested backports. Encourage both PR owners and others pick up backporting. Suggestion of code-and-learn for backporting or as a good second commit. 
    * **Action:** Beth will open an issue to discuss. 

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


