# Node.js Foundation Release WorkGroup Meeting 2020-01-16

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMMYKUI1DKM&t=212s
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/521
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WBxp_mVW0AdjWguNVqBoIX1M4PDUYJuGV_0R6HDaV2s

## Present

* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Chengzhong Wu (@legendecas)
* Michaël Zasso (@targos)
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)
* Richard Lau (@richardlau)
* Ruben Bridgewater (@BridgeAR)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **Release-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* v12.15.0 release proposal [#31368](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31368)
  * On the agenda to review the minors.
  * It is hard to pin it down to an actual set of criteria - we kind of just gauge how stable we feel that feature is and just make sure we've got all of the bug fixes that come along with it.
  * What we've done before and is create list of minors for us to all just look at and go through.
  * (@targos) What I will do is prepare the notable changes section which will mention all of the semver minors and I will mention the release team to review that.
  * There's an HTTP parser patch in the release proposal, I think there were plans to pull that patch into its own release.
  * Minors for v12.15.0 - https://gist.github.com/BridgeAR/01d9773427147d531f050dc067387c02
  * (@targos) I will update this proposal after.

### nodejs/Release

* Node.js Release mentoring/streaming [#511](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/511)
  * First session we went through the release process and showed attendees the process of actually deploying a release.
  * All attendees were happy for that to be streamed live to YouTube so it is something that we will be able to record and then refer back to it.

* Defining a word for all current releases [#359](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/359)
  * There is a PR open in the Release repository
  * Myles suggested that we take a look at the content in the release plan section to make sure we're not duplicating anything.
  * Sam opened an issue mentioning he felt that documentation was fragmented across the nodejs/node and the nodejs/release repository.
  * (@richardlau) I kind of feel that the schedule should stay where it is especially since other things refer to it. I have no real objections if bits of the process were moved over.

## Q&A, Other

* (@richardlau) We’ve added the option now so that you can run the `citgm-smoker-nobuild` against release candidates and v8 canary. 
* (@BethGriggs) Ashley Cripps has added a v10.x and v12.x version specific job to Jenkins. We should trial and see how much having these dedicated jobs benefit us. 

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


